1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

*       - expression
'hello'- value(string)
-87.8  - value(float)
-      - expression 
/      - expression
+      - expression
6      - value(int)
  
  
  
  2. What is the difference between string and variable?  
  
  VARIABLES are the names bounded to objects . it is like a symbol to store data and information
  STRINGS   are the data or information stored in a variable which is comprised  within single , double and triple quotes

3. Describe three different data types.

a) NUMERIC DATATYPE - It represents the data which has numeric values like int,float,complex numbers 
example - int - 55
          float - 55.5
 
 b)BOOL - they are the built in values either True or False
 
 c) SEQUENCE - It allows to store multiple datas. it maybe same or different datatypes 
   Example- tuples()
          - list[]
       
          
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do? 
 Expression is a combination of  operators and operands . the expressions evaluates and computes a value 
 eg- 5+a-6 (here the symbols are operators )
 
 
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Statement is like a intruction  that python can execute .eg print('hi') here print is the statement which helps  to produce the result 'hi'
expressions are evaluated for results

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1          Answer - 23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3                   'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?   
      Because a  variable cannot start with a number or symbol except underscore 
      
      
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value? 
int() for integer
str() for string
float() for floating point numbers

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
           Ans-  expression - 'I have eaten ' + '99' + ' burritos.'
                 result - 'i have eaten 99 burritos.' 
