1. Create an assert statement that throws an AssertionError if the variable spam is a negative integer.
              
              assertspam>=10


2. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variables eggs and bacon contain strings that are the same as each other, even if their cases are different (that is, 'hello' and 'hello' are considered the same, and 'goodbye' and 'GOODbye' are also considered the same).
                   
                   assert eggs.upper() != bacon.upper  or assert bacon.lower()!=eggs.upper()

3. Create an assert statement that throws an AssertionError every time.
           
           assert false


4. What are the two lines that must be present in your software in order to call logging.debug()?

 import logging
logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG, format=' %(asctime)s -%(levelname)s - %(message)s')


5. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to have logging.debug() send a logging message to a file named programLog.txt?

import logging
logging.basicConfig(filename='programLog.txt', level=logging.DEBUG,format=' %(asctime)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s')


6. What are the five levels of logging?
     
     DEBUG
     INFO
     WARNING
     ERROR
     CRITICAL


7. What line of code would you add to your software to disable all logging messages?
                 
                 logging.disable(logging.CRITICAL)
                 
8.Why is using logging messages better than using print() to display the same message?
                
                because it provides time stamp and we can disable it without removing the function calls

9. What are the differences between the Step Over, Step In, and Step Out buttons in the debugger?

      step over executes the next function and breaks
      step in  goes to next function and breaks
      step out finishes current function and breaks
      
10.After you click Continue, when will the debugger stop ?
       
       when there is a break or at the end 
       
11. What is the concept of a breakpoint?
                
               stops the programs like breaking the loop, 

