1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

  functions are an advantage because it helps us avoid coding again and again and it saves time . it also makes the code more undertandable


2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?

 code runs when a function is called and gets executed from firstnline of the code 
 
 
3. What statement creates a function?
 
 THE keyword def creates a function
 eg) def test():

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

 A function is a code  which has a specific operation to perform and
 Function call is when you call a function so it runs the code and gives the output 


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
 
 only one global scope per program and remains until we terminate it and the scope created inside the funtion is called local scope 

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
 
 calling a function  creates a new local variable eachtime and therefore it expires after a function call returns 

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

A return statement is used to return values from a function, it can be usd outside a funtion
 Yes we can use return value in an expression


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

A function without a return statement will return NONE

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

BY using the global keyword 

10. What is the data type of None?
 
 Datatype of None is Nonetype
 
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

It imports the  module areallyourpetsnamederic  only if there  is a module named  areallyourpetsnamederic

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?

by debugging the error
by using try and except clause to run and handle the errors 

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
 
 The try clause helps  in running the code for errors
 The except clause helps in handling the error

